Docs: Fixup smaller issues (#3610)
cobbler/cobbler: docs/user-guide/dhcp-management.rst

.. _dhcp-management:

***************
DHCP Management
***************

Cobbler can optionally help you manage DHCP server. This feature is off by default.

The following options are available for ``modules.dhcp.module``:

* ``"managers.isc"``
* ``"managers.dnsmasq"``

For this setting to take effect ``manage_dhcp: true`` and at least one of ``manage_dhcp_v4`` or ``manage_dhcp_v6`` must
be also set to ``true``.

This allows DHCP to be managed via "cobbler system add" commands, when you specify the MAC address and IP address for
systems you add into Cobbler.

> The templates must be user edited for the user's particular networking environment. Read the file and understand how

Reviewer: Simplification

```suggestion
You must configure the templates for your networking environment. Read the file and understand how
```

Also, what file should the users read?

the particular app work before proceeding.

If you already have DHCP configuration data that you would like to preserve (say DHCP was manually configured earlier),
insert the relevant portions of it into the template file, as running ``cobbler sync`` will overwrite your previous
configuration.

By default, the DHCP configuration file will be updated each time ``cobbler sync`` is run, and not until then, so it is
important to remember to use ``cobbler sync`` when using this feature.

isc DHCP
########

Helpful links:

> * Upstream Website: https://www.isc.org/dhcp/

Reviewer: Do we have downstream?

```suggestion
* Website: https://www.isc.org/dhcp/
```

* Documentation: https://kb.isc.org/docs/aa-00333

Templates used during generation:

* ``/etc/cobbler/dhcp.template``
* ``/etc/cobbler/dhcp6.template``

dnsmasq DHCP
############

Helpful links:

* Website: https://thekelleys.org.uk/dnsmasq/doc.html

> * Docs: https://thekelleys.org.uk/dnsmasq/docs/dnsmasq-man.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Documentation: https://thekelleys.org.uk/dnsmasq/docs/dnsmasq-man.html
```

Templates used during generation:

* ``/etc/cobbler/dnsmasq.template``

Kea DHCP
########

> Support for Kea is reported as a feature request but not yet implemented: https://github.com/cobbler/cobbler/issues/3609

Reviewer: Simplification

```suggestion
Support for Kea is a not yet implemented feature request: https://github.com/cobbler/cobbler/issues/3609
```

Helpful links:

> * Upstream Website https://www.isc.org/kea/

Reviewer: Do we have downstream?

```suggestion
* Website https://www.isc.org/kea/
```
